---
layout: tagged-post
title: "Pot Luck"
date: 2019-06-12
category: bad-romance
tags: I
---
It's got to be D. and his weed again. Maybe also those six beers, but they rather made me sleepy (I certainly dozed off in a tram). Good that I bought a coke along with that last beer before hopping on the bus. It was a soothing feeling to drink it while checking my mobile to see which one I should take. I fucking dropped it, the phone. It got a nasty dent, but the glass didn't break. I knew that it was bound to happen with my pockets full of things and having to reach for it with the other than usual hand...


The Belle of the Ball
=====================

I said it was because of the weed. I guess it was. Last time I was going back home from the pool club while stoned I had flirted with a woman, hadn't I? But this time I didn't fuck it. Not only did I get her phone number, but landed in her apartment.

It was easier this time, I agree, because I knew her. I met I. again. I barely noticed her in the crowded night bus. Not to mention, my vision was clouded. But as soon as I saw her in the corner of my eye, I smiled and reached her. The seat next to her was free and I took it without even asking. I remember that I was so not giving a fuck about anything at that time, what a joyful time!

I put the beer on the floor and was finishing my coke. Had some trouble sitting, fiddling with the cue case. But I was able to seamlessly dive into a nice conversation. I actually practiced it beforehand, so it was pretty easy. I started with apologizing for not sharing our phone numbers and immediately asked her to put mine down. We had some laughs about it, as I managed to sneak in a few jokes. Like with that other girl, there was hardly a moment of silence. And there was a lot of smiles.

On the way back to our hood the time just flew. Probably it was her that wanted that moment to last longer, as she somehow managed to convince me (which wasn't too difficult) to take a look at her garden. Firstly, I naively thought that I'd just take a peek and go to my place, but once we got there, my instincts reacted. I just opened the bottle of beer off of her fence and offered her a sip. She rejected it, mildly disgusted by the warmth of the bottle. It must have made her thirsty however, as she proposed that we go inside and she'd grab her drink from the fridge...
